they all know me son
get it 18. hold me son get it
19.
yeah 20 you got some more
21 yeah get it again
hold on we want to see it good 22 who's
going to carry the boats and the logs
that's you buddy come on 23.
come on 24 one more david who's one more
to carry the boats
you're gonna do it you're gonna do it
you're gonna do it you did it yeah
[Music]
so
[Applause]
who's gonna carry the boats in the logs
let's go
hey i was muted oh
wait was it muted the whole time oh we
got it we got we got to wrap it back up
hold on
might as well go back
hey they don't know me son
get it 18. call me son get it
19.
yeah 20. you got some more
21. yeah get it again
hold on we want to see it good 22 who's
going to carry the boats and the logs
that's you buddy come on 23.
come on 24 one more david who's one more
to carry the boats
you're gonna do it you're gonna do it
you're gonna do it you did it yeah
hey
round two
let's go
hey
and we all needed it today
yeah
what is going on everybody good morning
good afternoon good evening where you
coming from hope you all are doing well
cool y'all feel that i felt it i felt it
yo
occ thank you for the 10 gift it subs
that's wild thank you so much
hope you're doing well
i love that all the all the the prime
and the the the subs are are um just
y'all
hope y'all doing well everybody welcome
back welcome back
let's get in here
today is today's a real one that's all
i'm going to say today's a real one
uh we do have as always question of the
day and it's very on point today
question of the day is would you rather
carry boats or logs
hey thank you for the five get the subs
would you rather carry the boats
would you rather carry the logs you got
to carry some of them so what are you
logs or boats
boats logs are too rolly
but if i carry the logs who's going to
carry the boats they haven't thought of
this yet
i haven't thought about it yet
there's people that are just confused
they're like leon i i didn't check the
uh the the message
on discord i didn't i didn't open the
email so this boats and lock stuff i
don't know what everybody's talking
about but uh
already folks get in here get in here as
always i like to start off with some
questions
so give me some questions while we let
folks run to your computer
i got some some water today straight
water
bankers only
pasta or pizza pasta all day long
hydro homies of course
who you got for the super bowl i think
somebody asked me in the ask leon
channel and my response was google's
who's playing in the super bowl
i'm in la uh so i think i have to do the
ramps but i always liked the bangles
when i was growing up yeah i said it
that way yeah
i think i'm going with the
did some networking
a that's just how i secure the bag
what's the next step in an interview
maybe even talk how do i approach the
situation moving forward so if you're
already networking and meet and meeting
people keep it casual at first you don't
have to go straight for the jugular
right keep kind of keep in touch keep
giving them value uh stay stay in their
radar and then once we get through like
node is when it gets a little bit more
serious with the job hunt so for now
just say hey like it was great meeting
you give them some value and say hey i
would love to connect in like another
month or so and i'm starting to look for
opportunities yeah don't go straight for
the jugular keep it keep it friendly
right
can we get jobs at fang with just this
boot camp
we had a lot of people that did it last
cohort but i don't i don't want you to
go to fang
i i don't i think there's so many other
wonderful startups companies out there
that pay really well have great uh
great work life balance that you don't
have to buy into the hype
did you start pokemon yet no not yet
are we looking for the basic layouts to
be just like the photos uh we're going
to talk about that today we're going to
talk we're going to talk through each
layout we're going to walk through each
one together
we gave a little bit more time for the
homework so we start javascript next
week hold up
what yes that's right javascript next
thursday me you
4 000 plus other people we're doing that
thing so really
tonight and tuesday's class are our
kind of last first dabbles with html and
css
we move right into javascript
and then once we have enough javascript
we have the ability to build beautiful
front ends we'll come back we'll add
more css and javascript we start add
more css and html but we keep it moving
and that's the thing
the thing is that you don't need to over
invest
in html and css early on you got the
basics we're going to keep it moving on
tuesday we're going to touch more about
flexbox we'll do a little bit of flexbox
we'll do a few layouts with flexbox and
then we move straight on that's it we
keep it moving
once we have the ability to build stuff
right like once we have html css and
javascript you'll be building real front
ends so i like to get away from html and
css pretty quickly because we don't have
all the tools on our tool belt yet right
we have all the tools in our tool belt
yet so we can't we can't really
do too much but once we're building full
stack web applications then we come back
to it we add in more stuff that we need
to make it happen but here's the thing
you you already have everything you need
you already have everything you need
you don't need more
you just don't
if you're building these layouts with
floats you're good move on you're good
people are like what about flex what
about grid you don't need it just move
on nobody's going to hire you because
you're really good at flexbox let me say
it one more time nobody's going to hire
you because you're really good at
flexbox that's just not going to happen
you're not going to get a job because
you're great at flexbox
right
so we move on to get the skills that you
actually need to get a job
right you have enough to get your hands
dirty
right you have enough to build the
basics of what you need to build right
and on and on tuesday we'll play a
little bit with flex right
but don't over invest
we got to keep it moving
are they going to hire me for being good
at floats hell no
hell though
there are very few jobs out there for
folks with just html and css skills do
they exist yes
but a lot of people get caught up in
this idea of like i'm going to be a
front-end developer and all i'm going to
do is write html and css those jobs are
few and far between maybe if you're
writing html emails or maybe if you're
attached like a marketing like a
marketing team and that's all you're
turning out but um
that's that's that's like those are the
only jobs front end is gonna be a lot
more javascript a lot more other stuff
built in and so we got to keep adding
those tools to our tool belt there ain't
no jobs out there for what we just have
right now
betty's checking
um
thank you for the questions i think we
got folks coming in so
let's go ahead and
talk about something special that
happened today folks
so
on tuesday's class since we had our
lovely networking night and shout out to
everyone that came to the networking
night we had over 3 000 people
on remo
let's sink that in for a little bit
we had over 3 000 plus people
on remo networking meeting each other
hanging out i know shuffle gate happened
and some people got shuffle locked
but we still had so many folks that got
to interact got to
do their first maybe real world
networking
it was really beautiful to see so many
folks say like leon i was terrified of
it but it wasn't so bad
that's kind of where i want you to be
with the networking
it might be super terrifying but slowly
you start to realize maybe it's not so
bad
all right
it worked
i loved it hey i'm glad that you some of
you all enjoyed it i know that remote
could be finicky
but here here's the real truth
with the amount of people we have
right we have three four five thousand
people showing up to a class right now
we still about five thousand peak each
class like we still each class break
over five thousand we sit around four
thousand something concurrent right
with that amount of people
it's really hard to find a platform
where they're not just talking wild to
me
i got on the phone with some people that
run these platforms and they're like oh
yeah one event that'll be a cool 10 000.
like what
excuse me
what
uh so yeah we're gonna we're gonna have
to keep it hacky
we're gonna keep it hacky we're gonna
keep it uh
we had to split it out across six groups
i didn't get any angry emails so i think
it worked uh
but i know remo could be finicky for
some folks but it's what we got to do to
make it happen uh we're looking at other
platforms but at this size boy
boy does it get expensive
so we used what we had we made it work
next time i won't shuffle
and i think more people will get through
it
no
all right
now the other thing that i wanted to
bring up was that at the end
of
that like networking session i sent out
a follow-up message on discord like i
always do
and
at the end i said hey we didn't do a
raid
sam hey thank you for the sub
cool problem to have yeah true true
story right um
we didn't have a raid so i said hey
let's raid
uh
youtube video and i said if we got him
over
a thousand subs on on youtube i would do
the first bit of merch
so that's true that's what happened
we did the first bit of merch
and we're going we got over a thousand i
don't know where they're at right now
but it's over a thousand uh so
in today's newsletter
i put a super
secret google form now don't go and do
it now because it won't count
but i i put in a super secret google
form now if you filled out that form
before class started
you are available to enter this upcoming
raffle we're going to do another merch
raffle at the end so this was for the
special one if folks opened the
newsletter
right at the end of the newsletter there
was a google form if you filled it out
before class started you're going to be
eligible for this first raffle
then at the end of class uh we'll do a
raffle for uh uh the first
100 devs t-shirt of this cohort right
we're not going to do a merch drop yet
it's coming we're working on new stuff
so tonight we're raffling off a sticker
and we'll raffle off a t-shirt now
why did you put it in the newsletter
leon because i want you to open the
newsletter i put important information
in there it's how you'll never miss
another class again right so if you're
not part of the newsletter exclamation
point newsletter sign on up make sure
you open those emails folks because
sometimes there's prizes inside just
like the best cereal
so i am going to open the raffle for
folks that filled out the google form in
the newsletter before class starts
if
you enter this raffle
and you win
and i checked the google form and you
didn't fill out the form before class
i'm banning you from everything anything
i can ban you from i'm blocking you on
twitter i'm banning you on discord i'm
banning you on twitch i'm doing
everything i can to erase you from my
life
right so
when i open up the raffle
only enter
if you put your your info in that google
form before
class
started i'm gonna check i would love to
ban you live on stream so i'm going to
open up the raffle now
only do the command if
if
you filled out that form
alrighty
so the raffle is open
if you filled out the newsletter before
class start you can do exclamation point
raffle to enter the raffle
exclamation point raffle
and i'll leave it open for
60 seconds or so here
60 seconds or so
just for folks
that filled it out before class started
and then we'll do another raffle
at the end for everyone
all right we're gonna we're gonna keep
it open for another
another
10 seconds here
eight
seven
six
five
four
three
two
one
and we say bye bye
all right entries are closed
and we're gonna pick a winner
ready
three two
one
boom
all right dasher
is the winner
actually 64 is the winner uh you should
get like a little message that you can
use to fill out
now the fun part starts
did you listen
and let's check the form
all right
checking the form
let's see
come on
uh oh
[Music]
you did get got
let's see i'm double checking
yeah sure i don't see you dasher you
didn't even fill it out after like not
even like a sneakily
rip
all right where where's the
rip all right band
ban you from discord later
[Laughter]
first try
all right let's try it again
y'all rude
all right i'm gonna pick a different
winner
three
two
[Music]
one
all right
prake let's see
another one
another band
i gotta make sure i open up the right
form here before i ban all these people
if if you filled out the form and i
banjo on ban you have to stream
why did you listen
i did it i don't see you i think you
fibbing
oh maybe i spilled i mean i spelled it
crack let's see
freak
gain on the form bruh
you ain't on the form
you ain't
i can see that they have like a little
special chat where they i can see just
their their chat
i can see just their chat but they hate
yaying on the forum
ain't on here
let's refresh it let's refresh it just
to be sure
nope
nope that's a band
all right let's do it again
all right band next we'll try one more
[Laughter]
third try
let's see
not on the list
hold on
maybe the search is wrong maybe i don't
think we have this many people
that would be
just out here lying
no
not on the list
you didn't do it
what
guess it's a band
editor type type in chat if you really
did it or not just tell me if you really
did it or not in chat
so just put in chat tell me if you
really did it or not i'll be able to see
you
they redeemed it
now you hella banned
they redeemed it before i could ban them
[Laughter]
no you hella bad now i was i i was gonna
unban everyone afterwards like the other
two folks that got banned i'm gonna
unban you at the end of stream
right i'm gonna ban you but you hella
bad
i said i did it right now nope you
permabanned
poop bye
i've gone mad with power the other two
folks that i banned i'll unban you um
but you're permaban they're like i
didn't do it
i did it right now and i'm gonna redeem
it
they're just they're just saying ha ha
all right you banned bye
all right we'll um let's do another one
we have to do another one down because
people are slick
one second one second
gotta queue it up
all right once again when i open it
only fill it out
if you put your name on that form
because now now we saw that it's real
now we saw that it's real we're really
handing out these bands here
y'all getting banned over a sticker
all right only if you filled out the
form before class should you do
exclamation point raffle
excuse me exclamation point raffle boom
exclamation point raffle is this all
we're doing tonight for class no i wish
we would have got done this very quickly
but people can't listen apparently
all over a sticker
fans will make them dance
all right
only to fill it out before class
i'm going to leave it open for 30
seconds then we're going to get into it
y'all making my heart rate go up
this abnormal heart rate
i don't have to i don't want to have to
be doing these bands
what are you all doing to me
all right last one
i'm gonna close the entries here five
four three
two
one closed
let's pick a winner
special k trading
hey
legit all right we got our legit winner
the crowd goes wild
they're on the form congratulations
finally
all right
congratulations make sure you go ahead
and redeem that you should get a little
message here a little ping on stream
uh make sure you fill that out
uh and you will be able to redeem your
sticker
all right well done well done
didn't expect that to take as long as it
took
but congrats
all right
so that's the newsletter uh i always put
some some cool stuff in the newsletter
uh it's one of the best ways for me to
stay in touch with everyone uh so if
you're not subscribed to newsletter i
recommend you do it uh and that way you
can see cool stuff uh every once while i
throw i throw like a raffle in the right
at the bottom of the email just as
something for fun
alrighty
get real
we talked a lot about who's going to
carry the boats and the logs and that's
what we're here to talk about tonight
and uh this
this class is going to be a little bit
shorter than normal because i really do
want you all to have more time for those
layouts
right so i extended the deadline for the
layouts to not next tuesday
but next thursday
but i added an extra one or two
okay so you got more time
you got the weekend
on
tuesday we're gonna spend time doing
some of the layouts together we're going
to be using some flexbox we're going to
be doing some fun stuff uh with the
layouts but i'm going to give you some
more time i want you to have the time
that you need to kind of get through
these before we jump into javascript
there's also some stuff to watch so you
got a little bit more time but you got a
little bit more work and a little bit
more things to do so i hope that it
helps
can you use flexbox you can if you want
i recommend that you do them all with
floats
yeah
i recommend you all doing with floats
and then if you want to push and you
want to go deeper redo them with flexbox
do them with both right if you have the
time
all right
yes it's uncommon to have an html and
css job only do they exist absolutely
but they're typically lower paid and a
little bit less common to run into
but they exist
we have some folks that
from last cohort that do uh just html
and css but
yeah they're smaller
cool all right
the reason i asked you all to watch the
carry the boats in the logs video is for
a very very important reason
uh we are entering the trough of sorrow
right we are entering the trough with
sorrow
but we have not yet hit the bottom
let me say it again we have we have not
yet
hit the bottom
okay
and
the reason why i bring this up
is because you are about to enter in to
a phase
you you're at a point
where it's a decision-making time
right you're at a point where i've seen
over the past 10 years thousands of
students hundreds of jobs you're at a a
very very special point
in the trough of sorrow
and this trough of sorrow is a little
incorrect
the trough of sorrow actually has as
you're going down the wearing off of
novelty like as you come off of udemy
hill and you're going down the wearing
off of novelty
that that
that hill
has a little gap in it
right it has a little
little gap in it
and that gap
is a very very important gap to bring up
you all have now had a taste
of what it's like to be in this class
right a taste a small taste
you gave me a month which is what i
asked
right
is what i asked
and now you get to make a decision
in that month do you feel like you've
grown
learned
in that month do you feel like you found
a community that can help support you
right
because if you have
then i really hope
that you can
jump across this gap
and crash into the bottom of the trough
of sorrow
but i always want to make sure that i
highlight a very very important point
about this gap
this gap
is a point of privilege
and it's where a lot of folks fall
through
before they even get to the bottom of
the trough of sorrow
a lot of folks that make it to this
point
but don't make it to the end
it's
really
a bulk of the time
this gap
and this gap is the privilege of having
your life come together
in this moment
right in this moment
to then make it through the rest of the
trough of sorrow
not everyone
can pull life together in this moment to
get across this gap and we have some
folks that will fall through
and the reason why i bring it up is
because i don't want you
to beat yourself up i want you to
forgive yourself if this moment is not
the moment for you
we are about to embark on something that
is
a long
trough
of sorrow
you
will be you're starting to see the
amount of work that it takes the time in
class
the time outside of class the homework
the networking is now becoming a thing
daily coding challenges are becoming a
thing there's more stuff that are going
to be put on the pile as we turn
things up
and
not everyone will have the privilege of
life coming together enough to make it
across this gap
the folks that have the opportunity
right the folks that have the
opportunity they can pull life together
they can get across that gap
they typically
make it to the end
because you have to make a choice
if you are lucky enough
to have the things going in your favor
you have access to a computer you have
access to the internet you have access
to time you have access to maybe someone
watching the kids while you're in class
you have access to all these things that
make it so that you can jump across the
gap my ask to you
is that you don't waste it
not everyone
gets this opportunity
and so i don't want you
to waste it
cool
now
the next
25 weeks
are going to be tough
and i i just want to say it one more
time about this gap
this gap
has nothing to do
with aptitude
this app has nothing to do with how good
you are at math this gap has nothing to
do with your typing speed this gap has
nothing to do with your logic or
reasoning skills
it's about life
coming together
right
if it is and you make it across the gap
then it comes down to the key things
that we've been talking about from day
one
it's about managing your frustration if
you have the privilege of being able to
jump across that gap and hurdle yourself
into the bottom of the trough of sorrow
it's going to come down to managing your
frustration
the reason why i know that you're not at
the bottom of the trough of sorrow is
because you still have a little bit of
hope left in you
all right
look you're still holding on to some
threads
uh that this will be okay
right
but this will be okay
that there's like this internal voice
that's saying to you i'm gonna be okay
i'm gonna make it i'm gonna do it
the moment that voice turns off
and the demon comes out that tells you i
can't do this i won't be able to network
i won't be able to learn javascript i
won't be able to like as soon as that
demon comes out
that's
when you're in the trough of sorrow
when it's full
blaring in the back of your head
right
right full blaring in the back of your
head
the the the kind whispers that used to
be there aren't there anymore
that's when you know you're in the
trough of sorrow at the bottom
right when it feels like you can't catch
up
when it feels like things are getting
too tough things are piling on when it
feels like there's not any light
at the end of the trough
that's when you're at the bottom
but i'm here to tell you
this community has seen
hundreds of people
in that darkest moment do one really
important thing
i'm going to jump ahead here i want to
jump ahead to it because i think it's
important to say
they did one really important thing
uh and it comes from the quote from the
video i asked you to watch i'm gonna
read it out
you have to go into this dark chambers
that we often shut off you gotta open
them up you gotta fight that [__]
demon you gotta get in there and talk
that monster that [__] and say
what's up
you all are about
to hit a point
where you're gonna have to kick open
that door
and say what's up to that inner demon
and so
tonight
i'm spending some time trying to to
mentally prepare you
for that
right that idea that if you have the
privilege to jump the gap
that you're going to hit the bottom
and the only way through once you hit
that bottom is to get in there and say
what's up
and so that's what we're preparing for
tonight this idea i'm gonna go way back
here
this idea that
once you make the gap
it's it really honestly is a click
it's a decision that you make
right it's a it's a mindset it's a
mentality that my students have that go
from here
to getting jobs
right that go from here to getting a job
so if you're able to bridge that gap
you have to commit to managing your
frustration
you have to commit
to finding your grit
and letting no one get in your way
the biggest thing i like to tell people
is don't let me get in your way i don't
want to ever hear you say leon you
didn't teach this well you didn't cover
that in much detail [__] me
the the if the internet is infinite
right the internet is infinite you could
have found tutorials you could have done
more don't even let me
get in your way
of becoming successful
when things don't make sense show your
grit get on discord
leon i i posted on discord once nobody
answered my question
all right
try again
try revisiting the question does it make
sense right
does it make sense
maybe i could ask the question in a
different way
don't be the person that sits there and
puts that
on someone else
that puts it on me that puts it on
the the different youtube people that
you listen to that like it's on you and
it's a decision it's a mindset it's a
mentality
are you going
to do everything in your power to make
it to the end
you owe you
right dr eric thomas you owe you
all right are you going to do everything
in your power to succeed
sometimes you gotta get a little wild
with it
right you gotta unlock that inner body
you gotta write some bad code you gotta
do some bad things
right
but you have to make that choice
i can see it i can always see it in my
students eyes i can always see it i
mentioned this once before
i could see it i would have students
that walked in the classroom they sat
down they said what's up
and they weren't saying what's up to me
they were saying what's up to that voice
in the back of their head they got in
early
they stayed late
when they didn't understand something
they asked questions
they didn't take no for an answer
so if you can make the gap
it's a decision that you make
and i i i i have to say that because
some people don't have that privilege of
making it across the gap but if you do
it is a decision that you make
so make the decision
second thing we
know we know that we have to be
consistent
we're trying to go from
from zero
to employed
in just 30 weeks with class just twice a
night
sorry twice twice a week
we're trying to go from zero to employed
in 30 weeks
with just meeting for class twice a week
that is a wild proposition
and so the only way that that works is
if you're being consistent when you're
not in class
are you finding time
to study every day
do you have a schedule are you still
waking up and going into class like an
accident
we talked about this over and over again
right some of you right now are not
doing anki every day
some of you are not doing yankee every
day
why are you here
i don't know how many times
i've brought
up thank you every day we got to be
consistent we know the science it's not
even me you watch the videos you saw the
papers
you know the science you know how our
brains work
you know that active recall is how you
cement ideas in the moment and space
repetition is how you cement them for
the rest of your career
and if you're not doing it
why are you here
leon isn't mad he's just disappointed no
i'm not
i'm excited
i want all of y'all
to to realize that if you are here and
that you have the privilege of time the
privilege of an internet connection the
privilege of a computer to watch me on
the privilege of being able to take six
nine hours to sit in a classroom and and
watch some person on the screen that
that is an amazing opportunity
that i don't want you
to waste
and we know
the things
that work
right i told you give me a little bit of
trust i think i've earned just a little
bit of trust i think you've been coming
to class i think i did i think i did my
job a little bit okay i think i earned a
little bit of it right i'm telling you
that this is what has helped thousands
of people i've taught to learn how to
code i've taught hundreds of folks how
to get jobs this is the way i've seen
work
the best
i think a lot of you have come from
other places you have tried other things
and they have not worked
this is the process that we're talking
about
even if you turn me off you never listen
to me again
the people that do these things are
going to be more successful at learning
how to code so if you can jump the gap
if you're able to jump the gap
you're you're embarking on a process of
managing your frustration and you're pro
embarking on a process of being
consistent
you will not make it through this
program without being consistent
without putting in work every day
and that's why i say
this might not be the time for you
hey
thank you for the five get the subs
demetrius what's going on
thank you i appreciate you being here
right this might not be the time for you
you might not have that hour a day
you might not have those three hours on
tuesday and thursday for class
but i bet
that if you're here
and you've been able to consistently
show up
right
and you have that privilege
please
don't squander it
alright
the last thing is taking care of
yourself
a lot of people
are already starting to get hurt
fingers are starting to
to to to get sore
right fingers are starting to get sore
wrists are starting to get tight
forearms are starting to feel a little
little little
little little twinges please take care
of yourself we got 25 more weeks
right
of hard work
you have class you have homework you
have networking you have daily coding
challenges you have freelancing clients
you have to get you have 100 hours
projects that you have to do
it's going to be a lot
you have to take care of yourself if you
want to make it through this process
submitting work uh originally we had
some some work to submit today
i don't want to
make it better
i don't want to make it better um a lot
of folks got through the layouts already
great make them better if you're done
everything make them better
right this will always be your mandate
make it better
right so i'm gonna assign more layouts
this week you're gonna have up until
next week to finish them as you finish
them make them better
do them with floats
write bad code once you get done them
great go back try with flexbox oh
right once that's done go back make it a
little bit better right
know how much time you have
and know how much you can put into
putting into this work right i'm not
asking you to
to find magical time right i'm asking
you at the time that you do have that
you're consistent with it
right you're consistent with it
right
we got a little bit of taste of
networking
right this is this is where for a lot of
folks the demon starts to wake up a
little bit
right this is where this is where demons
start to wake up a little bit for some
folks
um
they see this networking idea
this idea that we're gonna have to talk
to real humans
um but
i can't tell you
how many messages i get
i cannot tell you how
many messages i get in fact i got one in
the ask leon channel i think i answered
it yet today or yesterday
leon i applied to 500 jobs
500 i played the 500
i got
like
nothing out of it no jobs no anything
i did a boot camp
some other folks in my boot camp got
offers why didn't i get offers i studied
these things i wrote this code i'm
getting better at data structures and
algorithms i do all this stuff why am i
not getting jobs is because it just
doesn't
matter
the network you build
is the easiest way to open
doors and so when i say that
there are some folks
alfas thank you for the hydration cheers
to you
when i say that
that scares a lot of people
a lot of people go leon i thought this
would just be coding and i get a job no
no
the networking is the thing that opens
the doors for you
and
everyone
can find something
that enables them to do networking in a
comfortable way
and
when i talked about
pushing yourself
managing frustration
networking is on that pile
you can't just give up and say leo i'm
an introvert i don't like networking
people scare me bye
you can't do that
you have to invest in figuring out
things they're gonna help you through
the networking there is a way
for each person to network in a way that
works and feels comfortable for them and
you
are going to attempt
all those different ways until you find
something that doesn't make you poop
your pants
we're going to keep doing networking
nights we're going to keep giving you
places to practice that
are with friends that are with the
community we're going to keep doing it
but you
have to find you have to make that
choice you have to make that click and
say i don't want to be one of the people
that have applied to 500 places and
nothing happens
you have to build a network
you have to have people that are open
doors for you that'll get your resume to
the top of the pile that will be your
champions at companies that will be the
person that says i vouch for this person
so we're going to spend a lot of time on
how to network we talked about just the
basics just the surface guess what we're
going to talk about it pretty much every
class going forward
right so you're going to have to make
that decision everyone has to make that
decision tonight
is this going to be the thing that stops
you or you're going to carry some votes
and logs and keep it moving
how do i explain a multi-year gap in
your resume i said this before and
people got mad on twitter you are
freelancing that is the answer that has
helped hundreds of my students get jobs
with big gaps on their resume you're
freelancing
i am not here to be the the perfect
candidate
i am not here to be um
the most the most
scrupulous person ever on the face of
this work on this earth
i'm here to get a job i honestly believe
companies don't care about you if they
could fire you and pay someone cheaper
they would i don't care about their
[__] process i'm going to give you
every hack to get in the door
up to you if you want to use those hacks
or not but you were freelancing you will
you will get paid clients
you will have
rehearsed and practice how to explain
that gap in the lens of freelancing
and it works
i've had folks that were literally
incarcerated
returning citizens after five six years
that got amazing jobs because they were
freelancing
that's on you
and you don't have to worry about those
things we're going to get to those
things when we when we get further into
the in the into the cohort right like i
feel like a lot of people have these
these pent up like excuses that things
that like make you really afraid that
you're not gonna be able to get a job at
the end i have seen folks come from all
walks of life shape size colors creeds
it does not
matter it's a decision that you make
right now
it's a decision that's all it is
it's a decision
do you want it or not that's all it is
it comes down it's a binary choice do
you want it or not
i i had you i had you
listen to that dr thomas video you owe
you
but the thing they said in that video
and i can't say it any better just like
they say is that winners win
and losers lose
i can't say it any better winners win
are you a winner are you a loser
and are you going to win by any means
necessary because that's what i'm about
i'm going to win by any means necessary
these companies don't care about you
if they could get you for cheaper they
would
[__] them i'm going to get the bag
and i'm going to do it
by any means necessary
winners wins losers lose i you got to
pick right now do you want to be a
winner you want to be a loser that's all
you it's that's all it is
all right
because there's so much [__] and the
reason why i'm this way the reason why
i'm this way
is not because i i'm trying to be shady
or tricky it's just that there's so much
[__]
in between you getting the job and what
you actually do on the job and none of
it none of it actually is a good
qualifier
right none of it is a good qualifier
there's a bunch of
odd gatekeepers and [__] that stands
in your way because by the end of this
cohort you will have amazing skills you
will be wonderful software engineers you
will have lots of value to provide to
these entry-level companies
right
and just because it's it's a thursday
and and the recruiter likes to talk
backwards and wear hats and you showed
up in a hat and talk forwards your
resume doesn't go to the next round
it just doesn't make any sense so i
don't play into that game i play the
numbers
right that's why we network in the 60
locations because 10 of those 10 of
those applications are going to be
because you'd like the color purple and
and they hate purple it just doesn't
matter
it just doesn't matter winners win
losers lose make up your mind what do
you want to be
you'll have the skills you'll be able to
talk that talk and walk that walk but
there's so much [__] in the way that
you can't let that be what gets near
what stops you
daddy's win exactly
can you be a motivational speaker no i i
don't i don't like giving these
motivational talks but i think it's
something that you need to hear i think
it's something that's going to help you
because it's about to get real dark and
scary out there folks
and so i need you to make some decisions
tonight i need you to dig deep and
figure out what you want
and i want you to realize that if you
have a computer you have an internet
connection you have time you have an
amazing privilege and you can make it to
the end
but it's your decision
and so i pop off like this specifically
in this class because next week we get
the javascript and then we get to node
and then we get to actually interviewing
and each one of those steps that demon
comes back
and you have to be ready to kick open
that door and say what's up
and so you're saying leon
can you get to class this is class this
is what the whole class is going to be
tonight and then we're going to end
we're going to you're going to work on
your layouts and the reason i'm doing is
i think some of you need to hear it you
might be right now saying this is a
waste of your time that's okay it's not
for you
it's for that person that's hanging on
by a thread
that really wants this at the end of the
day
but it's starting to let that demon
creep in that's who this is for
if you're good i'm i'm glad come back on
tuesday we'll be back to regular
programming
but there's too many folks that have to
make that decision
tonight and this this is what this rant
is for it's not for you it's for them
talked about this networking taking
strangers and turning them into friends
that's all networking is folks
i see so many folks kind of like
overthinking it and it's okay you gotta
practice you gotta figure it out you
gotta try things that don't work that do
work
right but at the end of the day it's
just strangers into friends
and
just treat it that way don't overthink
the email just send the email don't
overthink the linkedin message just send
it
you're going to get it wrong a lot but
you're going to get it way way right so
many times and it's a numbers game right
it's all it is so don't stress when
you're sending out those emails don't
stress about the linkedin messages just
send them
you'll get through it you'll get better
at it and you'll be able to you'll be
able to see people's reactions right
maybe maybe they're like really weirded
out by the message you sent that's okay
you learn not to send that kind of
message you move on
right
make sure your k your consistency is not
just the learning to code now right your
consistency is like this whole process
that we're committing to
right
right it's the whole process that we're
committing to your consistency is also
following up with people on emails
following people on linkedin following
people on twitter right like that whole
process
is part of your consistency now
so
i i keep bringing it up and i'm gonna
say it one more time please
make sure you plan out your days
make sure you plan out your week don't
go into your day like an accident make
sure you're doing your active recall
your space repetition make sure you're
doing your follow-ups right that's all
part
of consistency
all part of consistency if we go over
linkedin we're gonna have full classes
on it like i said we just start with the
tip of the tippy top of the iceberg when
it comes to networking each class we're
gonna introduce more we'll introduce
linkedin we'll introduce how to get
better at all these different places
right but what you need to do is make
sure that you're ready to commit to a
process
right
all right
we showed the stuff coffee chats make
sure you're that's again part of your
consistency is keeping up this process
of coffee chats and so that's why i need
to to to bring up this
this class right you're you're going
down this
rapid
trough of sorrow right you're going down
this rapid trough of sorrow
and you're you're you're starting to see
the bottom you're like leon oh hold on i
have homework i have class i have office
hours i have space repetition i have
networking i have following up with my
network connections i have following up
with my coffee chats i have daily coding
challenges i have to learn new material
right
i'm going to skip this for a second let
me go here
[__] just got real
all right [__] just got real
you're you're the the wearing off of
novelty has happened
right you're starting to see the novelty
wear off
right shit's getting real
and you gotta make some decisions so
i want you all to take a break
we're gonna take our normal five minutes
when we come back we're going to talk a
little bit more about some of the bigger
things that are coming up in the next
few weeks
we're going to talk a little bit more
about mindset mentality we're going to
review all the layouts together
we are going to then maybe end a little
early so maybe like one break tonight
and then another hour and then i want
you to have some class time
to to do something special
um i want you to do something special
today so we're gonna give you a little
bit of time to do it but let's go and
take our break
and while we take the break please
contemplate
are you going to make that switch
tonight are you going to are you going
to make that claim that this is what you
want and you're going to let nothing get
in your way
think about really if you're able to
make across that gap
if you're ready to make it across that
gap
and think about if this is what you want
cool let's take a
in the break hey thank you for the raid
204 new folks coming through hope your
stream went well
uh we were just about to take a break uh
but i'm glad you stopped by thank you
for uh for the raid how'd your stream go
hope it went well thank you for coming
on over raiders
i uh
i i like our we we so we do a sunday
office hours and that's kind of like the
only time that uh you are still
streaming when i'm done so the next time
we see it we're sending you back because
i love hanging out at your stream uh
it's one of my favorite channels to have
up while i'm working i get i get a lot
of work done while you're up
stream was great hope you went down we
hope you're doing well i am thanks for
bringing everybody by
hope you all had a good good day but
i'll i'll share again on discord folks
they're they're linked just because if
you weren't there for that original raid
hands down
my favorite channel in the category
i'm always lurking and i love having it
up while i'm working
so inspirational and another fantastic
community so i'm going to make sure that
we actually have that link in discord so
folks can always find it but um thanks
for bringing everybody by and hope
you're doing well we're right at our
five minute break so it's sorry that
we're i'm gonna walk away you're gonna
see bob come up for a few seconds but uh
thanks for swinging by thank you
everybody that joined us with the raid
and we like to be healthy so we take a
break at the top of every hour just to
give our hands some some some relaxing
time if you're able please get up walk
around stretch let your eyes focus on
something else
and uh we'll be right back in five
we have to worry about ai stealing our
jobs nah by the time that happens all
the other jobs are gone too and so much
of programming is digesting like
business goals
into code
and
i think ai's to really help with that
and it's actually going to
speed up the process
do we ever learn django no we do full
stack javascript here and use node
study groups people are at being added
to the study groups like right now
our wonderful mod law has been hard at
work adding folks uh and after stream
i'm gonna be adding folks too so
it's just been a role adding party and
so you should some of you are already in
them uh some folks already have access
to their study groups but um yeah give
us like another day or two and we'll be
there yeah blah is amazing
we go over how to price side jobs
absolutely yeah we're gonna have a full
class on how to freelance and so yeah
we'll go over all that wonderful stuff
can we learn stuff that translates over
to being a game developer some of this
can be helpful like once you learn
language you can use it to bridge to
other languages but i also recommend the
person that raided us
they're amazing they build games
completely from scratch i would
definitely hang out in their streams
their channels if that's what you're
into
and i'll share their their
twitch link after class as well
juicebox hero hey
thank you for the five kids themselves
hope you're doing well
do we need to do leak code questions
we'll be doing a lot of coding
challenges together like a lot
but i would say about half my students
wind up doing technical challenges the
other half don't
yeah
lux is the person to go to for the um
for the game development
juice box how you doing
thanks for swinging by
and different hey thank you for the
fight get the subs
thank you you're trying to keep that top
spot huh
thank you so much
all right folks come on back come on
back
finally reading how to win friends and
influence people and loving it hey i'm
glad to hear you you're getting
something out of it
come on back folks
all righty
a good coding platform for coding
challenges for beginner we'll use code
wars to start before moving on to leak
code
all right
welcome back you got some amazing beard
oils hey send me a mod mail
all right folks uh welcome back
this is if you didn't realize this is a
leon rants stream uh where i try to
motivate and let you know what you're
getting into for the next 25 weeks
i i've hinted at what you're getting
into for the
next couple weeks but i'm going to keep
talking about it so
welcome global crisis hey thank you for
if i get the subs i appreciate you all
tonight all these get the subs are wild
thank you everybody
global crisis thank you for swinging by
all right
what are code challenges good question
uh so i i mentioned that we're gonna be
doing coding challenges
uh so every day you're going to have a
challenge something that you have to
solve with code um
they'll start off kind of simple
and then they'll build up to being more
and more complex and they're just uh
just a way
of
keeping the things that you're learning
sharp right to keep your your brain
thinking in good ways and to get
practice
the end goal
is
to have another
skill set which is like solving coding
challenges because a lot of companies
still give you coding challenges to get
a job so
instead of doing what a lot of people do
which is they go through a full boot
camp and then they start doing coding
challenges we start our coding
challenges in week
week five of 25
uh next week
so by the end sorry of 30 uh so you you
wind up having 25 weeks of coding
challenges
uh and we do them every day every day
that ends with a y you'll be doing a
coding challenge
and so by the end of program you will be
a lean mean coding challenge solving
machine right that's the goal
so don't worry about right now we'll
sign the first ones next week uh but
that's i'm just trying i'm just trying
to paint a picture here for you
i'll try to paint a picture here for you
um
where
we're turning it up i talked about it i
gave you the funny like uh simpsons gif
we're turning it up uh you're doing all
this networking you're using the sheet
right you're being consistent you're
using the sheet
you're doing your daily coding
challenges
uh you're getting a paid client
yes folks that's right you're here to
get a paid client due march 29th is a
paid client now you don't have to have
the work done
by march 29th you just have to have the
signed contract for the work due
march 29th
now if you're like what i have no idea
what are you talking about getting a
paid client don't worry we're going to
have full classes on how to freelance
how to get a paid client how to do it
last cohort we had so many folks get
paid clients
we're over 100k now in client earnings
from last cohort
right
and so
the reason why i wake up in the morning
the reason i do what i do is because of
this right here
the getting paid clients i've told you
my story when i was hungry and i needed
food i needed money for food i got a
client they paid a deposit i skipped my
ass all the way to the supermarket
bought my pasta and pasta sauce and
lived a good life i want that for you
right i want you to realize that the
skills that you already have have value
i already have so many folks
that are coming to me leon i i posted on
twitter i got a client right like
i want that for you i want you to have
the ability to know that you have a
skill set that will put food on the
table that you can use
to make money and that you can see the
skills that you have right now have
value if you can do these layouts
right
if you can do these layouts
you can get a client
that's all it is all right and so
we'll get into more about the client it
is a paid client has to be 200 or more
can't be friends or family
now some folks might have restrictions
they can't do paid work you're you're on
unemployment or something like that i'm
not forcing you to do this for those
that literally have like logistical
things that they can't do
we'll have some other options but
everyone else i want you to push for
this this is one of the best things you
can have on your resume right when you
go to apply for a job and somebody says
you're calling yourself a software
engineer has anyone ever paid you to be
a software engineer and you go [__] yeah
i got tons of clients what the [__] you
talking about go home close your eyes
this is a wrap you cut
all right you're already software
engineers
but now you're going to be paid software
and somebody brought up a good point if
you're in canada you're not a software
engineer so i was going to say that real
quick you're in canada you're not a
software engineer you're a software
developer canada has like restrictions
on who can call themselves engineers so
i'm sorry you are software developers
everyone else your software engineers
unless your country restricts the word
engineer
in the us the only word that's
restricted is professional engineer so
oddly enough never call yourself a
professional engineer because that's
trademarked in the u.s at least
but everyone else your software
engineers right now we're going to add
paid to the front of that so
i'm revealing some of the onion here
folks revealing some of the onion here
all right
sergio holograms hey good to see you too
um thank you for the 10 months that's so
wild we're revealing some of the level
of the onions here you're starting to
see all the new work that's coming in
all the networking you're you're you're
seeing the coding challenges come in
you're seeing the paid clients come in
you're seeing the homework
get a little bit more intense
all right the homework a little bit more
intense
all right
the homework we're pushing from today
to next thursday
you have the three layouts that we did
together right we've already done these
three layouts together
i want you to get them
i want you to get all the layouts right
so these three
then we have the the level ground that
we covered the lower ground is a great
layout because it's very simple it's
just boxes and text right i want you to
get the layout
we have the source layout i want you to
get a layout i want you to get the the
the core layout you see here on the
right but i also want you to get a res
like a mobile version of that site as
well and i i want you to have that
mobile site be triggered by a media
query
right
trigger it as a media query
right and then i'm adding two more
two more okay
we're good he's still here
let's see how many people left
oh no people didn't leave you're still
here hey i love it
cool
added two more we have a lovely uh
restaurant or cuisine layout
and then we have a wonderful hair salon
layout
okay and then of course if you want to
push there was the push layout as well
okay
so you had the three that we've already
done together we did i think we did them
during office hours you have the layout
that was supposed to be due today anyway
right
and this one was supposed to be due
today as well also by the way remember
these are these are layouts from dribble
dribble is a great place to see people's
designs and and kind of more aesthetic
things in in development and so this is
by
max schneider a link to their work is
there
uh this layout is by myth and ray link
to their work is there
same thing
mal khan link to the works there
and then this one sergey of course link
to the work there right i went on
dribble to find real layouts that real
people are using now the thing here is i
want the layout
that's what i want
i want the layouts only floats yes i
think you should only you should try
doing this only with floats
do that your first pass and if you want
to do a second pass in flexbox go back
and do it
right
refactorings for closers
but don't let me stand in your way if
you're if you if you really want to do
flexbox you don't want to listen to me
that's okay go ahead and do it floats
are killer that's why i asked you to do
them floats force you to learn the box
model they force you to learn that the
the tricky hacky stupid stuff and i hate
using that word but like just really bad
stuff that's built in the css
right
whereas flex just kind of just works and
you don't have to go through it
so
i want you to layouts now
how close these layouts to pixel perfect
is up to you and your maker
okay
i want the core layout for each i want
to be able to look at your layouts and
go hmm that was definitely tech crunch
that was definitely khan academy
it's definitely bbc
that was definitely level ground
that was definitely source
that was definitely cuisine restaurant
that was definitely the hair salon and
if you do the push oh okay i see that
was the push
right
now how
close you get to pixel perfect is is not
my call
okay
it's up to you and the amount of time
that you have
right to put into this work
i want layouts and i want to be able to
make sure that i that everything is part
of the layout
some some tidbits of advice when you're
doing this please
use ipsum like lorem ipsum for your
placeholder text
try and use like real words when you're
doing like your headings and things like
that
hold back from putting like curse words
or weird stuff in in your text because
you're going to forget about it you're
eventually going to put it on github and
somebody's eventually going to see it
and they're going to see that you've
called every h2 [__] right every h2 is
always [__] right and so they're gonna
see it you're gonna forget about it
someone's gonna be looking through your
code and they're gonna see it so try not
to like i i used to be guilty of this
don't curse in your code don't put weird
stuff in your code like you're gonna
forget about somebody's going to see it
right i don't want that to be like the
reason why some some curmudgeon didn't
give you an offer because oh people out
here cursing right
cool
you got all those layouts so hold on
let's recap here
we got
class
we got reading we got videos to watch
we got networking to do we got active
recall to do
we got daily coding challenges we got
paid clients we got all these layouts
you also
have to watch independence day
you have to watch traversing media's js
crash course
all this is due by next thursday
and [__] just got real
[__] this guy real
and when [__] gets real
you have to realize
this is when you are the most
vulnerable
i say it one more time once once you've
gone down
udemy hill
and you have
gone past
the the the
you've gone past the wearing off of
novelty
right the novelty has weared off
right that is when you are the most
vulnerable this is where most folks
start to look for the things that are
going to be lower cognitive effort
they're going to look for the things
that
give them the feel good win in the short
term but don't help them in the long
term
and so from the video that i had you
watched before class
i really loved this quote
you can't read someone else's book about
some siri on how to do [__]
can't read somebody else's book about
some theory on how to do [__]
one of the biggest things i see my
students do early on
is they
consume so much content about how to do
it
right they consume so much content about
how to do it how to be successful how to
how to get to the end right and it feels
good they buy that course the the 100
tricks to get a job they buy the other
course like unlocking your brain like
it's just it's it's it's right now
right it's right now
right
when you're the most vulnerable
when
the
the the the new brand new smell has worn
off
you've jumped over the gap and you've
plummeted
into
the trough of sorrow
and in this moment
i see a lot of students
start to grab for things that are not
going to help them
it's where a lot of folks make the
decision that this is not for them
they're going to try something else
maybe something else will be a little
bit easier maybe something have a little
less home or maybe something else
and then what they do
is they constantly jump from thing to
thing
right they jump from thing to thing
they they start one course it doesn't
work they jump to another course they
jump from one and then and then five
years later
they're still thinking about wanting to
be a software engineer
here's what i'll promise you
you do this course
you will have the skills to be a
software engineer
that's a that's a
that's a a big
promise
but you'll have the skills that you need
so if you need to go and jump from
something to something else just know
when that doesn't work out you can come
back and get the skills you need here
right
but you owe you
to stick to something
and i've given you the taste
right
have you learned some html and css
do you feel supported have you found a
community that's going to help you
because if you did
if you felt like you've learned some
stuff you feel like you found a
community that can help you stick with
us for a little bit longer
give me another month
right give me another month if i've
earned
the next month from the first month and
give me another month
because after two months
i guarantee
you will feel
as though you have finally kind of
unlocked some real skills
right
and then you'll be able to make a real
decision
if my style is the way for you but what
i would hate is for you at this moment
when [__] just got real to be like nope
i'm done let me find something else
that's easier because you will continue
to jump from thing to thing to thing to
thing to thing and you won't get to the
promised land
so if the first month went well give me
one more
that's all i ask if you feel like you
got some value out of the first give me
the second
because i don't want you to keep jumping
and jumping and never find your way
somebody gave me a stretch so i got to
stretch real quick hold on
it's not that kind of stream folks you
want to see me stretch you know what you
got to do a million channel points be
right back
thank you fake adonis for the stretch
one day one day cool and so this quote i
really love it you can't read somebody
else's book about some theory on how to
do [__] you got to get in there and you
got to do it
you got to get in there you got to do it
stop reading content and how to do it
get in there do it
stop reading the blogs on how to become
a software engineer
put time into your layouts
get get in the muck get in the mud get
in the water
get dirty
tell that
demon in the back your brain what's up
right
do it
just do it
winners win losers lose i can't say it
any better
cool now
there's one other thing in that video
that was really important to me
and it's kind of something that we've
been kind of hinting at throughout this
and they said it was kind of like in the
background but they said
those that want to be a seal
will be a seal
those that want to be a seal will be a
seal and i've given you my caveat my
caveat to this idea is that not everyone
has the privilege to jump through that
gap in the trough of sorrow
and only you know if you have that
privilege or not there's no way i'll
ever know but you'll know
right
and so
if you have the privilege to jump
right
you have to make that decision
do you want to be a software engineer
that's employed or not
that's it it's all it is it's a decision
it's that that that thing that says in
your brain that i'm not going to give up
i'm going to do what i have to do
to get [__] done
that's it
talked about fighting those demons going
into those dark places
and uh saying what's up
and you're gonna have to do this over
and over again
this these these fears these concerns
were i just gave you a mountain of work
to get done
guess what two weeks from now you're
gonna have another mountain guess what
i'm not gonna have another mountain it's
gonna get harder there's gonna be more
but you will get better at it
it's a decision
and uh
there's a couple other things from the
video i want to talk about this one has
a strong disclaimer
they said we're weeding out the week
to bring the strong together and i don't
like this i don't like the word weak
here that's not what i'm thinking at
what we're doing here
is we're weeding out folks
that don't want to seize the opportunity
or folks that do want to seize the
opportunity
that's what a boot camp does that's the
dirty secret
that's the dirty secret don't use the
word weak don't ever talk about yourself
that way
right
a boot camp weeds out the folks that
want to seize an opportunity and the
folks that don't want to seize the
opportunity and you not wanting to seize
the opportunity is okay
don't feel bad if life is not if this is
not your moment that's okay give
yourself grace to realize
right
right give yourself the grace to realize
that this might not be your moment but
there might be another moment in the
future so what a boot camp does is it
weeds out folks that want to seize
opportunity from folks that don't
i've already given you my disclaimer
about the gap
right i've already given disclaimer
about the gab and so these next
25 weeks
are about bringing
together
the folks that want to seize the
opportunity
that's what 100 devs is it's bringing
folks together
because
in the video
they said i'd never saw someone carry a
boat or a log by themselves i've never
seen it myself
i've never ever seen one of my students
learn
and get a job
by themselves
it's just not possible
you could be the brightest most smartest
person on this earth you will need other
folks to learn how to code you will need
stack overflow you will need
documentation you will need books you
will need irc you will need discord you
will need
community
so 100 devs is about bringing together
folks that want to seize the opportunity
because i never saw someone how to learn
how to code by themselves
and that's what we're focused on it's
the community that's going to help you
in those deepest darkest moments of the
trough of sorrow to get through it
and that's why this community is so
important
so
who's
going to carry
the boats
and the logs
who's going to come together
seize an opportunity
right
he's going to come together to seize an
opportunity
to come together to pull each other
through that trough of sorrow
put it in chat if you are
i've seen a lot of yeses
a lot we got this see a lot of bets
i'll try come on now you gotta you gotta
you gotta you gotta invoke the uh
almighty yoda
do or do not there is no try
yes all right i'm gonna hold you to it
i'm printing out i'm printing out this
this chat log today folks printing out
this chat log today folks
gonna pin it on my wall
and then i was looking for navy steel
gifts and this came up so i was gonna
show you this gift cause i thought it
was pretty cool
all right
let's do some quick review
quick review
let's walk through our layouts
and i want to end with something special
you all said that you want to carry some
votes and loss we're going to hold you
to it and we're going to do something
special on discord let's do our review
let's look at these layouts together
let's make sure folks have a good idea
what they're getting into with the
layouts and then we're gonna
do something on discord and we're gonna
end early
that way you can have some class time to
get started
cool
all right golden rule separation
concerns let's do this this is what we
do folks this is what we do we carry the
boats in the [__] log this is what we
do
what the [__] is separation of concerns
why is it the golden rule
why is it the golden rule because of
organization
let's go
progressive enhancement
we talked about this idea that
as we're building out these layouts
right as we're building out these
layouts
the core of the layouts is going to be
good html you got to have good html when
you're worrying about these layouts
right the core is the html
the presentation that css that we wrap
around that comes second and it
shouldn't be a lot right the core is the
peanut the chocolate will get us there
then we have a thin candy coating that
is javascript that we're going to start
learning on thursday
thursday thursday we learned javascript
folks can you believe it we're there
already
all right
where did css go folks
is it going in line is it go in the head
does it go in a separate file
goes in a separate file of course inline
if you're writing html
emails in the head if you work at amazon
you have critical path css otherwise in
a separate file so we can hear that
separation of concerns we know this
whole thing is a rule a rule is broken
down into a selector a declaration block
a declaration and properties and values
now see this review that we're doing now
should be really reviewed because you've
been doing anki every day and all this
stuff is already in your anki right
right
all right
cool
we have rules that can be overwritten by
rules that come below
and the reason why we're able to
overwrite rules that come above is due
to the what
due to the what
the cascade
bbtown i see your pokemon card i'm going
to get to you
i see your pokemon card when we take a
break i'll get to you
all right
parent child selectors remember we have
parent child selectors and we have
direct parent child selectors when you
see the right carrot we got a direct
which means that the paragraph has to be
directly inside the section lovely we're
you're all cruising through this stuff
remember when this is the first time you
heard this stuff and now you're just
cruising
look at y'all
we got parent child right parent child
no carrot means that it could be a child
anywhere inside right so this paragraph
is inside of a section but it's not
directly it's directly inside of the
article
so that still works
we have sibling selectors and so this is
a direct sibling meaning that we have to
have a paragraph that comes before the
other paragraph so this is the only
paragraph that would become red because
the only one that has a paragraph
immediately before it this paragraph
does not have another one above it
boom
all right ids and classes ids are how we
target one element only one element ids
are unique we can give an element an id
and then it can't have another id and
that id cannot be shared with other
elements it's a way of targeting one
thing and only one thing when it comes
to our css
classes are a little different each
element can have as many classes as they
want really and those classes can be
reused across elements so
if we give bob
a bunch of elements all of them will be
colored red
beautiful
specificity how many points of
specificity does this rule have
seen it before
how many points
yes sir we got one two points
for tags we get one for a class and one
for an id 112.
let's do this one real quick we got
one tag for one point
one two three classes
and one id 131
nice
cruising
let's look at this we got
one two three
tags
we got oops sorry no not tags one two
three classes zero tags
one id for the diet coke and an
important so we get the 1130.
nice
let's go
box model
what makes up the box model
in terms of width
what makes it the box model in terms of
width
box well in terms of width
yeah
the actual width of the element
it's padding on both sides and then it's
border on both sides same thing for the
height right we get the height of the
element it's padding on the top the
padding on the bottom it's border on the
top the border on the bottom
nice
cool remember margin is the bully that
pushes the box model around
all right we did our layout so far with
floats we'll see some flex on tuesday um
our floats remember they're fighting to
get to go up as much as they can to the
left as much as they can go up to the
right as much as they can go and to the
and up that's so weird i should say that
again if you're fully something left is
going to go up as much as you can go
into the left as much as you can go
you're floating to the right and go up
as much as you can go and to the right
as much you can go it's always fighting
to get into that corner
alrighty
let's talk about how to approach these
layouts
so we have a lot of layouts that are
being done for homework
let's talk through each one
and then we're going to end a little
early with something special
cool
warning
we're all baddies
and we're writing bad code please you
have all these layouts to get done by
thursday i need you to push yourself to
get through these layouts please
put in the time and effort if you have
it to get this stuff done it's really
important that you work through these
layouts right
and it's really important that you
embrace your inner baddy
write bad code don't get stuck on one
thing right move on you got so many
layouts if you get stuck on one layout
move to the next i guarantee you will
have learned something that you can put
to use in another one
right so be a baddie write bad code
cork like tina if you need to
all right
we uh we've already done these first
three layouts together so i'm going to
skip those i'm going to go right to
layout 4.
when i look at layout 4 i see a couple
big things
actually let me see if i can just open
these layouts
one second
the timer always gets in the way
all right so we got all the new layout
photos so if you want the the actual
photos
you don't have to use the slides i've
given you the photos for each one
um so let's go ahead and take a look at
level ground
there you go that makes me a little mean
a little bit bigger
beautiful i look at level ground
i see yeah you're not coding along we're
just talking through this i want you to
have this in case you need to to come
back right because you need to come back
and look at this when i look at this
i see
but i have some sort of top section
um some people would
would maybe
make this like a main
some people might throw it all in a
header but
for me this is probably a main
i probably have a header that could be
uh up here if i wanted it to with css
and then i have my navigational
components in here too so header
nav
right
and then inside the nav i still have my
ulis
maybe
if i don't think that's a list of stuff
that could just be anchor tags and then
my donate button is just an anchor tag
and this logo could be a logo
when you're doing these layouts you can
just use placeholders
you can use
icon fonts like font awesome whatever's
going to make it easier for you snipping
and clipping exactly you could just do
screenshots don't don't put too much
time into getting the right logos and
everything get your layouts done and
then come on back
right
definitely an h1 a paragraph
maybe like a span and definitely a span
here
we got like a nice easy section with
like an h2 and a paragraph
then like another lovely section
and then inside this section i probably
actually have two
sections
and then each of those sections has an
image
like an h3
a paragraph and then like an anchor tag
right and remember this is just my quick
pass through
right my quick pass through you you can
make different decisions for this stuff
right go fast be a baddie break things
i didn't want to go that big
all right let's look down here once
again another section
pretty easy i love this layout because
it is so easy
um
h3 or 4 paragraph anchor tag
right
and then this is this is where
this is where people get caught up this
is where people got scared
right so people start losing themselves
right where people start to lose
themselves you know what
you know what
be a baddie skip it next one right to
move on to the next one
right
skip it
come back to it later once you've had
more practice come back do the hard
thing next
all right who cares
you're a baddie you write bad code you
skip things
come on now
let's see
we had
[Music]
we go in order we had the source as well
first first try
[Laughter]
exactly
do you all hear the sound alerts
i'm not hearing them interesting
and we bad as [__]
all right you did hear him cool
um
but for real i can talk through it if
you want to talk through but i i wanted
the the emphasis to be on don't get hung
up on things that are getting you hung
up move on you got plenty of time to
come back and and do things
but if i'm looking at this
this is definitely a footer to me
and then what i've seen i've actually
given this to other developers to work
on um some of them have done lists
they've done lists for each of these so
like ul
with three lis inside of it or three
lies with um
font icon fonts like font awesome in it
or just anchor tags or just screenshots
whatever you want to do but yeah just a
like a list like a list of icons
and then these were also lists
uh with just two lis in them
right just list with two lis in them
and these could either be like these are
like really small headings right because
they are headings they describe what
comes after like h6 h6h6
right
pick your poison it's up to you you
could do it right
screenshot the whole bottom section got
it
exactly is he
and then over here
uh this is just like a heading and then
like a paragraph
and then
um this right here
you use an hr you band you cut
uh and then down here just like another
like paragraph
right
you could do border bottom border border
top whatever whatever suits your fancy
there
cool and then all that's just inside of
a footer so not too scary how how you
how you um decide to
get everything to sit next to it is is
the hard thing there
simply just floating your lies will get
you this uh that that kind of
layout and just make sure they have
width
and then this little logo down here
could just be a screenshot that you plop
in there
um yeah
you make it sound so easy leon uh i mean
it's not it's not easy right but it's
like it's trying to talk you through
some of the things that i would think
about as i'm working on a layout like
this
right and the idea here is i don't get
i'm not i'm not serious about it i'm
having fun with it the sooner you can
have more fun with this stuff the easier
your life's going to be so have fun with
it be a baddie write bad code if
something's giving you like like a like
indigestion skip it
right just skip it
right skip it come back later you pick
up so much stuff from each layout that
by the time you come back to it you've
learned so many more things
right
look at this other one here
source um source for me
pretty easy we have a header up here
we have a header up here a lot of folks
get tripped up on this
there are ways to have like your header
inside of a main right but i think what
people see this is they they lose they
lose their they lose their minds this
this is where this is where people get
really tripped up
you see this
and you're trying to
you're trying to say all right well how
do i get this mane
to be behind
that
that header
right
that's the wrong question
because you are
thinking in terms of css
and not in terms of your html
just make this a header
make this a section and give them the
same background color
that's it
move on
right
bingo bango
exactly
right
easy don't don't do things that that
don't don't don't you don't have to push
be a baddie write bad code
all right same thing here
this could just be a header right header
and then like your your main
right
header and your main
and then in the header you have a very
clear nav to me uh definitely with like
your ul li anchor tags uh maybe like
another loose anchor tag over here and
it's like a little image or logo there
you can just use some text
yeah
uh in the main we got i probably i
probably split this up into like two
sections here
uh this section just would have the
image
all right
just be the would be the uh the the
image and then we got like a span
a heading probably like your h1
a simple form and then like another
paragraph
right
and then down here it's very similar to
what you did with the bbc
it's just four
sections each with some sort of like
image or icon from a font awesome or
something like that maybe like a heading
like an h3 or h2 paragraph span and it's
the same for each of them like the icon
the heading the paragraph the span
and then just down here one other
section
heading paragraph that's good and then
we have like this lovely mobile layout
which is pretty much the same stuff
but we get it to stack
um we get it to stack how do we get it
to stack
how can we get this to stack
yeah you just have a media query and you
set everything to like 100 width right
if you have a media query you set it all
to 100 width it'll just stack by default
right so use the media query set it to
100 width and boom it'll stack and
probably look pretty close
yeah
people are saying what's font awesome
font awesome is an icon font um so it's
just it's a font that's made up of
different icons like logos and things
like that
uh it's it's free
you can use it for your projects i use
it a lot just for quick logos and things
like that occ just put the link in chat
yeah fontawesome.com
what about getting the menu to stack
um
very there are lots of ways you could do
it but really simple would be
when you're in the media query
you can just display none this stuff
right
and display block the li that has the
hamburger in it
right
so you can basically just like hide all
this stuff
and show this thing
there are a lot of other ways to do it
because like if you if you if you like
for if some people by accident will like
hide the hold header
if you hide the header and this thing is
inside the header you still can't see it
so the trick is to like hide this stuff
individually and show the hamburger and
you can do that with uh with a media
query
yeah the floating window is how it looks
on the mobile but once again
if you get everything else and you're
hung up on how to get this
this hamburger to work
what do you do
you get hung up you don't know how to
make the hamburger work what do you do
move on exactly next
next skip it
skip it
you ever try to skip it i'm a beast that
my raw athleticism just makes me a beast
that skip it i don't know
why but it's true
let's go to the next one
cuisine
all right this one um
ignore all this stuff here that's just
kind of like the design right that's not
part of it what we're looking at is the
layout here
i'm more of a bop it person i'm i'm a
beast at anything
so
bop it always frustrated me
but simon says
i can get 25 deep easy easy on simon
says we'll do it live maybe one day on
stream but like simon says there's
something in my brain that works what
simon says like where you have to hit
the lights
and you got to keep doing it in the
order because my brain works well i
don't know why
25 are only fans let's do it
somebody has to
say somebody has to bet me i don't want
to bet somebody else is only advanced
though
all right
this layout let's see
uh once again
we got navigational content at the top
ulis anchor tags
all right
we got
our lovely h1
a form
and maybe like a list with these social
stuff and this image people get confused
on this that's that's not an image it's
a background image so like this
beautiful like fruit and stuff and like
this coloring behind everything
it's not actually an image you can have
background images in your css
and so it's kind of confusing because
some images are content and other images
are style
right
i could very clearly just make this
background like blue
and obviously the color blue
is not content right i'm styling this
background to be blue so it's the same
thing here like this image is not
content the image should not be in your
html it is the background in your css
right i see a lot of people saying she
hal exactly it's in shae hao boom
i love that
so here's the thing there's just no no
there's no amount of time where we could
cover everything in class right and so
there are those lovely nuggets in the
reading and that's why we assign the
reading and all the videos right you
gotta you gotta absorb stuff from other
mediums to help you out when you get
into these types of things like these
layouts
all right
next we have like our regular section
here
uh seems like a span for the about us
i could also maybe see an argument for
like some sort of header there but i
think this is the header i would say
that's probably like our h2
paragraph paragraph anchor tag and then
down here is like another section
fan
h3
a list of
like pieces of text so
they do look you propose to click on
them to change it so i say
um
ulli anchor tags for each of those and
then just four images right
and so what i hope you're seeing is that
these layouts they seem wild at first
and yes there are a lot of details but
the core
of each layout is pretty much exactly
the same
right we're doing the same
10 tags over and over again
right it's the same tags over and over
again it's just different
push it to the right this time push it
to the left this time right
we need that no we don't you don't need
to add this stuff here this is just like
you don't have to add any of sorry
you have to add any of this stuff no
don't worry about that
it's not part of the site
cool
same thing up here we've seen this
already just i think that's the
continuation of this section yeah so
this right here is just
this section here
you don't have to like do another one
uh and then this is just the page
continuing right page continuing
another section
a span a heading
um
and then probably just some text here
right this look this is like a icon
that's centered or an image of centered
fan that centered
another span that's probably centered
um
this can maybe be like two sections here
just to be sure
with like an h4 or h45
and then
a span same thing like h4 or five and
then a span
and then
this looks like a video but you can just
put an image here for now
and then down here finally like our last
section
there's like a span and then some sort
of heading maybe like an h45
uh image
uh i don't think that's a heading so
maybe like a span
ban
image paragraph
and call it a day
but all these things could
are we doing these also exactly yes you
have two new ones that you have to do
uh we're gonna talk about svg you should
cover some svgs in the reading right
right
are we gonna do more flexbox before we
move the js yeah we're gonna do a little
bit on tuesday
yeah we'll do a little bit on tuesday
a little bit because we want to learn
javascript and then come back and be
able to add it
we want to be able to we want to be able
to build big things and when we come
back and can build big things like
coming back and being able to to
actually have a hamburger menu that you
can click on
right and then having all this be flex
right is way more important than burning
out on flexbox right now before we can
actually do good stuff with it right so
we're going to spend time learning
javascript then come back so that we can
build like real layouts that do stuff
and have interaction and behavior and
that's when flex becomes really helpful
um all right
thought one two five you gave me a
stretch but you also gave me a stretch
during the break so
double dipped i guess
let's go and take our break uh we have
just the push layout that's left i
believe to go over
which we'll take a peek at
and then when we come back from the
break i got maybe just a few more
minutes i want to share with you some
some big things uh and then i want to do
something fun on discord and we'll call
it for this evening
we also have the pokemon card so when we
come back we'll do the pokemon card
we'll do the raffle for the first 100
t-shirt uh of the cohort and we'll look
at one more layout and then we'll call
it so
uh maybe yeah maybe we'll do a quick
raid
all right so let's go ahead and put five
minutes on the timer here
alrighty
you're able
please get up move around stretch let
your eyes [__] something that's not
your screen
we're in this for the long haul folks 25
more weeks let's get it
in five
can we go over the salon layout too yeah
we'll do that sure
over like
uh bengals yeah i think i decided that
earlier
princess sparkle bottom i'll tell them i
said goodnight goodnight
why do you not like button tags because
they're messy i like i just use anchor
tags
is it okay to use display inline block
to display a list horizontally
absolutely yeah
absolutely
you put your hair spray put hairspray my
hair no never
if you're locked out of discord um send
uh send a
well first make sure you're not banned
send a unbanned request just to make
sure
but you shouldn't be locked out of
discord for any reason unless you're
banned
go ahead indifferent nerd out on me
did you find a new hair care product no
not yet
a lot of people sent me really good
recommendations though i just got to
take some time to
try a bunch of
them what's your favorite band 5 iron
frenzy
all right
there sorry we got to do the the hair
salon folks want let me pull that up
all right
hair salon
here we go
beautiful
all right folks welcome back welcome
back
yeah i mean growing up for me it was
very much like
hardcore rap and grime
punk music and ska like that that that's
that was my range that's all i listened
to
i think they're not that far away as
most people would think
all right
cool
so this is the
uh
the hair care layout
and i think the tricky one about this is
that like there is this like image thing
but remember this this this image
would be all a background image so you
don't have to worry about like this
curve thing that's all part of the image
that's not actually
um
it's not actually like part of the html
right so if i'm looking at this i have
my header
and then i have my
main
right
and that main
just has like a background image that
happens to look wonky with like that
that that skewing and stuff like that
that's not um that's not something you
have to worry about in terms of css
and then we have our header
right we have our sorry our heading
our h1 blonde and highlight we got maybe
like a paragraph
anchor tagger button
and this is just like another section
uh that's in there
with some text
maybe a span maybe a paragraph
uh maybe this like 20 is a span that you
can make differently like size it
differently
and then uh another button or anchor tag
and then over here
to two anchor tags
cool
so i think that's pretty this one's
pretty easy and then the nav2 is pretty
straightforward just like our normal
nav ul li anchor tags
these words on the side actually see
that
um that's probably just like a span
you can actually do transforming with
css
we're gonna do a class on like css
animations and stuff later on cause i
just really like i really like that
stuff but you can actually like skew and
rotate and all that fun stuff and
transform uh with css so you could like
have it typed out regularly and then
like flip it if you want it to
uh once we learn javascript we'll do the
class on like css tricks and css
animations because i want you to like
click and trigger animations that are
all done in css and so yeah we'll come
back to that stuff in the future because
i think it's fun
then down here we just have like a
normal section almost exactly like the
bbc where you have three sections inside
image heading paragraph for all three of
them probably like an h3 in there
and then down here another section
same thing
you have like a heading you look at h3
or four a paragraph anchor tag a button
image right
and then if we look on this other side
it's just continuing the same layout
once again just section
one two three sections inside of it um
it looks like these could be
uh images and then maybe
i actually think it's probably probably
this whole thing is an image
um
there is text so it shouldn't be though
right
um
yeah this would probably be like a
section there's three sections right
three sections
probably inside of a section and the
section has an image and then
maybe
there's i'm being a baddie right be a
baddie tell me to be a baddie be a
baddie let's say a div
a div with
uh
maybe a heading because it's their name
and then a spin
all right
i felt i felt bad i felt good
your body write bad code right don't get
hung up on it right don't get hung up on
it cool
next one
section
same thing it's like this whole image is
just a background that will be in the
css and so this is probably like a span
um maybe like a paragraph maybe a span
to target that one differently anchor
tag or button
and then the other thing here is that
there are like
things that are grabbing your attention
so you might maybe think about m or
strong tag somewhere in here and then
lookbook is pretty
clean as well heading maybe like your h5
or six and then all these are just
images
and eventually once we get to javascript
there are there are lots of like off the
self javascript that makes doing this
thing easy so like in your html it would
just be your 20 images and then we would
have some css and javascript that would
um do the grid the old school one is
called masonry uh we used to do that
back in the day like masonry would like
would help you do the tiling but now
it's built into a lot of like ui systems
as well
yeah this is this is this is just one
website this is like the top half of it
this is the bottom half of it so it's
still the same site
do we use flow to this page yeah i think
you you should do your first pass with
floats just to learn how to use them you
want to do a second pass on flex or if
you get stuck you need to use flex
that's okay
cool i think that's all the layouts that
we had for homework
we had uh the original three layouts
that you had to get done
the level ground uh the source which we
covered the cuisine which we covered and
the highlight which we covered so you
have a lot of layouts to get to
i'll let you else you could get to
right
but uh
put in it put it in the work
all right
if you want to push i gave you a push
layout uh the push layout i'm not going
to go over because it should be a push
right
uh leon is it just layouts not the exact
images and such i want you to get close
right at first write bad code just get
the layouts done but the closer you can
get your layouts looking presentable the
better you can do and like i said i want
the core layout how close you get the
pixel perfect is between you and your
maker right um that's up to you to
figure out how close you want you want
to take the pixel perfect some folks are
going to have more privilege of
privilege of time so they'll they'll go
super deep um but yeah put your time
into these layouts i wouldn't put your
time into anything else besides these
layouts in the videos that you have to
watch
remember on top of all these layouts by
next thursday you must have also watched
independence day
and uh the the goat of all goats
traversing media has a wonderful js
crash course just get through it
i just want you to be introduced to a
lot of the material that we'll be
covering in class in way more detail
okay
all right
we talked about making our sites
responsive uh meaning that we don't have
them just set to a fixed width meaning
that they respond to the different
viewports or size of the screen it looks
good across devices remember when you're
making a responsive website you want to
be fluent your things are size and
percentages are using flex so that as
you kind of shrink and grow the screen
it responds fluidly elastic meaning that
we're using fonts and other bits of text
and m's and rems and then you're also
making good content decisions
when do you decide to show that mobile
layout based on the viewport size
cool
all right you're using media queries to
make your content decisions and for
those last
layout five six and seven i would want
you to have at least one media query
right at least one media query where
you're setting like the mobile layout as
opposed to just having a regular kind of
full width layout
so if we look at the the past layouts
push i would want you to make it mobile
responsive layout 7 make it mobile
responsive layout 6 make it mobile
responsive and layout 5 make it mobile
responsive so 5 6 7 and push i want at
least one media query at least one media
query and a site that looks decent on
mobile
where can i find these wireframes they
are in the follow along materials
channel on discord all of our material
will always be on on um
on discord
the traversing media course costs money
no no you're not doing the course you're
just watching the video the video is
completely free
online on youtube
can you get the background images you
can you can you can
right click
and
download them or you can just take
screenshots to grab all the images but
don't don't pressure yourself to get
perfect images
you can use anything placeholders
there's a bunch of placeholder websites
um
i can find one here
yeah here you go so this is place kitten
uh this is place kitten a little bigger
here
so what you do as so instead of like
having to download an image
you can just do placekitten.com 200 by
300 and what that'll do is it'll give
you a 200 by 300 image so whatever
whatever size you put in there that's
the size of the image that it gives you
so you can just use place kittens
everywhere if you want it to
there's also one called place hold it
that does the same thing but they're
just like gray boxes
so if you just want to be like quick and
like go through
your layouts with just placeholder
images this is what you can use
cool
went through responsiveness
about content decisions
and then the uh
the last little bit because we're going
to end early tonight
we'll do our raid just because people
need the channel points right we need
the channel points
but the idea here is that
i hope
you dig deep
i hope with all this work
you fight the suck
and you start to carry the [__] locks
okay
uh i believe in you
i think if you put in this work and you
have the privilege of being able to jump
over the gap you can honestly really
do this
and as always you don't have to listen
to just me
right go look in the celebrations
channel looked at all the pinned
comments look at all the pinned jobs
right
you can do this
i don't care who you are where you come
from what you do
you have a decision to make
if you have the approach of jumping
across that gap
you're gonna put in the work over the
next 25 weeks to dig deep fight the suck
and carry the [__] logs
because if you do
you have an amazing community behind you
that wants to see you succeed that wants
to see you win and you know that you can
do this
you have to fight those demons in the
back of your brain all the time
but you can do this
all right i want to do a raffle and then
we'll do a raid uh this raffle is for
the first uh
the first
t-shirt of the
cohort
one second to cue it up here
so i'll tell you when it opens in a
second
alrighty
all right they don't make it easy to
just have them cued
up alrighty
so the raffle should now be open you can
do exclamation point raffle in chat
this is for the first
100 devs t-shirt of the cohort it's a
lovely black t-shirt
with the 100 devs text on it and the
word software engineer underneath of it
it's beautiful it is a great high
quality t-shirt you will very much enjoy
it so you can everyone can do
exclamation point raffle i'm going to
get i'm going to leave it open for like
a minute or so just so everyone can get
in here if they want to get in here
all right
about 30 more seconds
15 more seconds
all right i'm gonna close it
three
two
one
post
all right we're gonna pick the winner
winner is drumroll please
rebecca itching hey
congrats
uh make sure you respond to that message
that just pinged you so you can you can
get the uh
the t-shirt we'll do more of these
raffles soon we'll do a merch drop soon
so many folks keep asking for merch uh
we're gonna make it happen
holy smokes run the sims hey thank you
for the 10 gift it subs that's wild
thank you so much
i appreciate it
uh we also have to do a pokemon card
raffle
um let's do the pokemon card real quick
and then i want to do one thing before
we do the raid so i want to do the
pokemon card and then do one more thing
before the raid
uh so let's go ahead and just open up an
inspector here
and
let's go to the console
there we go
math.seal
times 64. so what this is going to do is
going to give us a number between 1 and
64. uh that coordinates with the pokemon
card
list
alright so
here is the pokemon cards list
that we'll have up
let's go ahead and do the math
three two one
fifty-nine
all right so
bb tone
you got
an ambipom coming your way amy palm g
uh that was a good card back in the day
for certain decks all right coming your
way uh make sure you send me a
whisper here on twitch uh with your
contact info so i can send the card your
way
the pokemon cards are 50 000 channel
points and i mail it to you so go ahead
and send me a message here on twitch
i'll get it your way all right the thing
i wanted to do before we do the raid
we're going to do the raid we're going
to send some love and positivity
all right
but then
we have a little bit of time about half
an hour
half an hour extra
once you get on discord
i just want you to put somewhere
that you're gonna carry the boats and
the logs because to me
carrying the boats and the logs
is not a singular
endeavor
right so somewhere i don't care if it's
general i don't care if it's in hamilton
i don't care where it is on discord
maybe your study community if you've
gotten added to one yet we're working on
it tonight and tomorrow all right shout
out below thank you so much right
i want you to go somewhere on discord
and say that you're going to carry the
bullets unlocked i want to see an
overwhelming amount of people commit to
carrying the boats in the logs because
when you commit to carrying the boats
and the logs it's not just about you
it's about all the other folks that
you're going to help carry that boat in
the locks because nobody carries boats
and logs by themselves
so somewhere we're gonna we're gonna
blow up discord somewhere
put it just so that i i have the i have
the proof
three weeks four weeks a month two
months from now that you said you're
going to help carry the boats and logs i
can just control search for it and i'm
going to see that you said you're going
to carry the boats unless i want you to
do that tonight
we're going to do a race and get the
channel points um but then you got a
half an hour put in discord somewhere
please and then please
work on the layout
we're going to go over to rav we're
going to say what's up the wrap give
them a follow even give them a follow
say hello spread some love
but then take some time to start and
allow you got an extra half an hour
use it right make the decision use the
half an hour to start a layout
all right
let's go ahead and start the raid
hope you all had a good night i know
it's a little bit different of a stream
you can do this
and we'll be here to help
no office hours this sunday well no
official office hours i might do a
stream that'll be a little bit different
um depending on if i can move my desk or
not by the time but no official office
hours we might do something on stream
anyway
let's raid have a wonderful student
everybody peace